⬆️  [#634] Updated Django version to 4.2 (#64)
maykinmedia/mozilla-django-oidc-db: README.rst

* setuptools 30.4.0 or above
* Django 3.2 or newer
* A database supporting ``models.JSONField``

> * The package installs automatic ``mozilla-django-oidc version 2.0``, if you want to use 
> Django 4.1+ then you need to have at least ``mozilla-django-oidc version 3.0``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you're using Django 4.1 or newer, you need at least mozilla-django-oidc 3.0. 2.0 is still supported with Django 3.2.
```
